The Joe Rogan experience.
And then that brings us to Lazard depiction of how these
things worked, that they somehow, or another Ben gravity,
these things that he worked on, which is the model that's on the desk.
There that's a supposedly a detailed model of what that thing looked like,
that he worked on the sport model. I think they called it.
That's where he called it. Yeah.
When you watch him talk and you hear him give his description of his time
working there and what he saw and what he thinks those things are,
what was your take on that?
I thought it was curious and interesting. I mean, I've been to area 51.
I didn't see any flying saucers or any thing like that.
I saw, uh, defense department, uh, uh,
experiments being performed and training activities and that sort of thing,
nothing that the taxpayer would, uh, uh, object to. But,
uh, but it's a big range. There's a lot of stuff going on out there.
And there's a lot of adjacent ranges. Uh,
if you look at the mass action where he was, that's what he said. Yeah.
I found his explanations curious. Um,
how so the complexity of it, uh,
and the fact that he talked about Laurenti M for example,
and then decades later, it turns out that, um,
apparently there is a more stable form of that then element.
One 15.
Sounds right. I couldn't tell you for sure.
That sounds like something for Battlestar Galactica. You know, we need.
All this stuff, you should do that. Right. Right. So, uh,
now I I'm a little skeptical about his claims. I have to say, um,
friend of mine, uh,
claims to know that the gal who was his supervisor when he worked out there and
knows what he was, was actually doing and where he was located, uh,
and claims that, uh, that he was a guy who checked radiation on badges.
That's it? Yeah. And so, uh, all the rest is fiction.
According to that story, and.
This is a person that, you know, yeah. Maybe that person's full of.
Maybe I don't have the ground truth on this,
but he did falsify as educational records and
he's been involved in some other things. And, uh, and it just, doesn't.
You talking about that MIT records? Yeah. He explained that to me.
He said that he was working on something for the government at,
and they sent him to MIT to learn
something. And he, I can't say too much,
I'll tell you off air because he told me not to talk about it,
but it makes more sense when you hear his description of it.
That essentially it wasn't documented that he was studying there
because what he was doing was really a terrible thing,
a terrible experiment they were working on. When I explained to you,
maybe it'll make sense. Okay. Maybe not though. Maybe he's full of.
Maybe he lied about that. What's interesting though,
is he's told the same exact story since the late eighties
and he doesn't seem full of. Now.
Some people are really good at lying and, uh, you know,
I've been tricked before and I'm sure you have to,
there's some people that are just sociopaths are really good.
Yeah. They don't even like, know their line.
They're like convinced in their own head while they're spinning. He's.
Honestly, though,
he's obviously very intelligent and he obviously knows a lot about science.
He knows a lot about propulsion systems and,
and he really did work at Los Alamos,
which is interesting because he's actually on the employee roster.
And they tried to say that he didn't, he knew people that were there.
He knew the layout of the building. When he went there with George Knapp,
they went through the building.
He knew exactly where everything was and he knew the people that worked there.
So he really did work there,
apparently allegedly his story what's interesting to me
is that again, it's the same story over and over and over again.
And then what's also interesting to me is that he knew and took
friends to a place where they were testing these things out and he knew
where it was and he knew when they were doing it.
And he brought his friends out there and that's when they got arrested. Yeah.
It's a very, uh,
I think there's some consistency there that is hard to explain.
How would he know where to go and what was going on? Um,
there are some possible answers to that. I've poked into this a bit. Um,
supposedly there was a bar off base where the scientists and a lot
of the aviators and people go and hang out,
he was a frequent frequent at that place and picked up information. So,
you know, I, I hear stories on both sides of this. Um, I don't know what the,
what the ground truth is. And, um, uh, I I'm,
I remained skeptical, but you know, Hey, there's a lot of crazy.
I enjoyed his company. I went to dinner with him and Jeremy and, uh,
I talked to him for several hours, uh,
on the podcast and off the podcast. I, uh, I don't know, you know,
I don't, but it's, it's a weird one. Cause he never made any money doing that.
Never made any money telling that story.
I'll tell you another story offline. We can exchange stories offline.
I'm excited. I can't wait for this to be over now.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.